1. Project: School Grades Program; You're a tutor at a local school, and you want to calculate the percentages of the students' grades in total to see if they pass. Let's create a program to help you with that task! Let's begin with something simple. Store the student's name Sam in a variable. Tasks (1): Create a variable student_name and assign the string "Sam" to it.

2. Sam had four exams this semester. The subjects he studied were Math, Science, English and Geology. Let's store Sam's grades in unique variables. Tasks (4):  Create a math_grade variable and assign the integer 88 to it. Create a science_grade variable and assign the integer 75 to it. Create an english_grade variable and assign the integer 90 to it. Create a geology_grade variable and assign the integer 69 to it.

3. Now, in order to determine whether Sam passed the semester, we need to calculate the total grade he obtained. Tasks (1): Create a variable total_grade and store in it the sum of all the subjects' grades to it. Use the variables you created.

4. The maximum grade for each subject is 100. So, the total maximum grade a student can obtain is 400. With this information, let's calculate Sam's total grade as a percentage. Tasks (3): Create a max_grade variable and assign the number 400 to it. Create a total_percentage variable that stores Sam's grades in percentage. You can calculate the percentage by dividing the total grade that Sam achieved by the maximum grade and multiplying the result by 100. Print a statement that reads: "Sam's total percentage is <total>%". Replace with the total_percentage variable.

5. Awesome! We receive word from the IT department in the school that the system they work with doesn't accept  decimals. To ensure we only display the total percentage with integers, we need to convert the total_percentage from a float to an integer. Tasks (1): Re-assign total_percentage so that the number it stores is an integer  instead of a float.

6. Using the information we just obtained, let's check if Sam passed the semester. The course instructor informs us that in order for a student to pass, they must score a total percentage of 50 or higher. Tasks (1): Create a did_student_pass variable and assign to it the value of comparing if total_percentage is greater than or equal to 50.

7. As we process Sam's report, we notice that Sam never participated in any sporting activities at school. Hence, Sam will get a 0 in sports. This is an extracurricular activity, so Sam's grades will not be affected. However, we want to reflect this information in the report. Tasks (3): Create a sporting_activities variable. Using bool(), convert Sam's grade 0 into a Boolean and store it in the sporting_activities variable. Using f-strings and the sporting_activities variable, print a statement that reads: Sam participated in sporting activities: False

8. Excellent work. Now, let's print the total percentage that Sam achieved as well as whether Sam has passed or not. Using f-strings, print the following: Tasks (2): A statement that reads: Sam's total percentage as an integer is <percentage>%. Replace <percentage> with the total_percentage variable. A statement that reads: Sam passed to the next semester: <boolean>. Replace <boolean> by the did_student_pass variable.

Congratulations! You created a small program that stores grade information, processes them to obtain the total grade and percentage, and does some operations to prepare this information before printing them on screen. Now, try tinkering with this project as you like. You may try the following: Create variables that hold information about other subjects. Calculate and print the average grade. Compare subjects' grades together and print information on which one has higher grades. Have fun exploring!