Project Password Security: A client has asked us to check their company's cybersecurity system. Let's create a program that checks the strength of the client's password. We should also check how long it could take for a hacker to hack into their account if they knew the characters, but not the order, to the password.

1. Let's start to create a program that assesses the strength of a password by checking the number of possible permutations. Permutations are the number of possible configurations of the password characters. The strength of the password will depend on the number of characters, but for our example, we'll use a 6-character password. Tasks (3): Create the variable password_length and set 6 as its value. Create the variable counter and set 1 as its value. We'll use this variable to count the number of times we enter the loop. Create the variable permutations and set 1 as its value. We'll use this variable to count the number of possible combinations of the characters.
2. Assuming a hacker knows the characters to our client's password, all they have to do is try the different permutations. We can find the maximum number of permutations they might need by multiplying all the numbers leading to the number of characters, starting from 1. For example, a 4-character password will have 1 x 2 x 3 x 4 = 24 possible combinations. Let's create a loop to find out the number of permutations to our client's password. Tasks (4): Code a while loop that iterates while counter is less than or equal to password_length. In the loop, set permutations multiplied by counter as the value of permutations. After setting the value of permutations, increase the value of counter by 1. Outside the loop, print the following f-string. f"The possible combination of a {password_length}-character password is: {permutations}"
3. We now know the number of possible permutations. This is also the maximum number of attempts a hacker will need to gain access to the account. But it won't be that easy! The client shared that the account has a locking mechanism to prevent hacking. The account will be locked for some time after every 5 wrong attempts. Since the number of possible permutations is also the maximum number of attempts needed to access the account, we can use permutations to check how long the account may be locked. We can divide the permutations by the number of attempts it will take to lock the account, which we know is 5. Tasks (4): Create the variable attempts and set its value as 5. We know this is the number of attempts allowed before the account is locked. Create the variable max_lock and set its value as permutations divided by attempts. This tells us the maximum number of times the account will be locked. When dividing a numerical value, we will get a Float. Use int() on max_lock to convert the float into an integer and set it as the new value of max_lock. Print the following f-string: f"The maximum number of times the account might be locked is {max_lock} times."
4. The locking time also depends on how many times the account was locked before. Let's create some more variables that store this information. Tasks (3): Create the variable locks and set 0 as its value. This variable counts the number of times the account gets locked. Create the variable total_lock_time and set 0 as its value. We'll use this variable to count the total duration the account is locked for. Create the variable lock_time_multiplier and set 5 as its value. We use this variable to calculate the lock duration each time the account is locked. 
5. Time to test the program! Let's simulate a hacker attempting to guess the password too many times and the account being locked. We'll use a for loop for that. Every time the hacker has a wrong attempt, the account will be locked for some minutes. We can calculate the minutes by multiplying the number of times the account was locked before by the lock_time_multiplier. Tasks (4): Code a for loop that iterates through the range of max_lock. In the for loop, increase the value of locks by 1. Multiply locks by lock_time_multiplier and use the self-assigning operator to add and update the result in the total_lock_time variable. Print the following f-string within the loop: f"Your account is locked for {lock_time_multiplier*locks} minutes"
6. We simulated the account being locked and the program seems to be working. Finally, let's notify the client how long the account was locked. Tasks (1): Print the following f-string outside of the for loop: f"Assuming the hacker only got the password right with the last possible combination, your account would have been locked for {total_lock_time} minutes in total."

Good job! The client now has a program to check their cybersecurity strength thanks to you. There's no more testing, so feel free to play around and make some changes. You can change the while loop to a for loop and vice versa, include a different length for the password, or try playing around with other data types.