Project Human Resources Program: Our Human Resources department is very busy and they have asked us to help speed up their hiring process. We'll code a program that decides whether or not to hire a candidate, depending on location and score.

1. Linda, the human resources manager, shared that their hiring decision is based on the candidate's assessment score and also their location, since it's an office-based position. Let's create variables to hold these values. For now, we'll store fake data but then the HR department will include real data from candidates. Tasks (2): Create an assessment_score variable and set 85 as its value. Create a location variable and set "Canada" as its value.

2. The company is looking to grow the US team, so eligible candidates have to be based in the US. Additionally, candidates must have an assessment score that is at least 75. Let's check if our mock candidate fulfills the requirements. Tasks (2): Code an if block that checks if location is equal to "US" and if assessment_score is greater or equal to 75. If the conditions are fulfilled, print the following f-string within the if block: f"Your assessment score is {assessment_score}/100! You're hired!"

3. Okay, we printed a message for candidates we want to hire. Now, let's print a message for candidates that are not a good fit. Tasks (2): Code an else block after the if block. Print the following f-string within the else block: f"Thank you for your interest, we regret to inform you that we will not be moving forward with your application."

4. Linda from HR just called and informed us that we will be opening an office in Canada. Candidates from Canada are now eligible for hiring as well. Let's add this new condition to our program. Tasks (1): Adjust the if statement to check that the candidate is not based in "US" or "Canada". No matter where the candidate is based, they must also have an assessment score that is at least 75. Check the hint if you need more clarification.

5. We don't want to miss out on hiring promising candidates just because of their locations! Let's add another check to offer an alternative to candidates that did well for the assessment but are based outside the US and Canada. Tasks (2): Between the if and else blocks, code an elif block that checks if the candidate's location isn't "US" and is not "Canada". The assessment_score should at least be 75. For candidates who fulfill the above condition, print the following f-string: f"Apologies, you are based in {location} but this role requires you to be based in the US/Canada. Would you be interested in another role?"

Congratulations! We have finished the program, now let's hand it over to the HR department to try it out. We are not running any test here so feel free to play around with the code. Try adding more locations to be eligible for hire, or change the required assessment score. Have fun exploring!